{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A \strike \strikec0 defective\strike0\striked0  reflective entry:\
\
Something technical that I didn\'92t know before:\
\
Everything. But I wasn\'92t entirely tabula rasa when I came. I had html and CSS pretty much on lock and a basic understanding of how the internet worked. One of the biggest things that I\'92ve learned, though, is how everything fits together. I finally see the bigger picture -how the page relates to the JavaScript, what jQuery does and why it\'92s useful, what an API and JSON file is (which are extremely powerful), and a ton of tertiary subjects from lodash to Sass. I love Sass.\
\
Out of everything I have learned, though, JavaScript is the biggest and most important part. I find everything that is possible with JavaScript quite exciting. The turning point for me was the multi-column form. After I completed it, I realized I was able to harness the user\'92s information and do whatever I wanted with it. This ability was compounded in the appointment app, where we took the information, stored it, and presented it to the user in a systematic way. \
\
One challenge I faced since starting the program:\
\
It\'92s been hard to get \'93in the swing of things.\'94 The first week was all adrenaline, the second was a crash, and the third was me trying to find how I related to the process of the Iron Yard. And I mean this in terms of sustenance, society, and phycho-circadian functionality. \
\
And how I think I have overcome the challenge:\
\
I think I have finally reached a satisfactory level of operation in these three areas. Not everything is perfect yet, but I\'92m getting pretty close. I go to bed somewhat early and get things from the grocery store a couple times per week. As Maslow stated, once I have met my fundamental animal needs I can achieve my \'93uber-self.\'94 haha. }